Ah, it's nice to throw money at the hospital
This time, more than half of the task is completed
There are still 10 pieces, and 100 pieces are full. I'm so sleepy.
I haven't been so tired for a long time after becoming an immortal
Fairy physique is not good either
I went to the mall for a day and got so sleepy
After I become an immortal, won't I be so vain?
It's on fire.
The fool is that you are going to soar
I'm going to become an immortal. Congratulations on completing all the tasks.
Successfully become a member of the fairy world
Now follow me to see the Queen Mother
I can see the Queen Mother and the Jade Emperor
Hahaha
Are you doing it at night?
Please get up.
If you don't finish the task within the countdown
You're dead.
Ah, right.
I have three days to die